date: November 16, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<ambehr>, <ronyparm>, <joelhigh>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress:
  {ubit: <ambehr>, progress: finished up everything, just need to integrate with battle to recieve information}
  {ubit: <ronyparm>, progress: did work on enable and disabling values associated with characters}
  {ubit: <joelhigh>, progress: working on getting values from selection to battle so combat can happen}
  ]
issues: [ 
]
Notes:  | 
  Went over with Mike what still needs to be done for submisson of this sprint.
  Told us to make sure integration will work well.
  