date: November 9, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<ambehr>, <ronyparm>, <joelhigh>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress:
  {ubit: <ambehr>, progress: replay and menu buttons finished}
  {ubit: <ronyparm>, progress: buttons are starting to have the color and name on them}
  {ubit: <joelhigh>, progress: almost done with evaluation script and starting work on computer selection}
  ]
issues: [ 
]
Notes:  | 
  Showed Mike progress made so far.
  Told us to be prepared for integration of our parts
  