date: December 7, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<ambehr>]
absent: [<joelhigh>, <ronyparm>]
excused_absences: [
  ]
task_progress:
  {ubit: <ambehr>, progress: wrote the documentation for the project}
  {ubit: <ronyparm>, progress: worked on randomly picking for the computer}
  {ubit: <joelhigh>, progress: None}
  ]
issues: [ 
]
Notes:  | 
  Joel didnt know we had a meeting for Sprint 5
  Rony was enable to make it but did get some work done
  Mike said we still need to get a license agreement for the project
  