date: September 21, 2016
meeting_type: ta
attendance: [<ambehr>, <ronyparm>, <joelhigh>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ 
  ]
task_progress:
  {ubit: <ambehr>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <ronyparm>, progress: None}
  {ubit: <joelhigh>, progress: None}
  ]
issues: [None
]
Notes:  | 
  Talked about what we want do for Sprint 2 and assigned the issues
  For issues Joel is doing the combat scene
  Rony and Alex are doing the selection scene
  Want to combine selection and combat for the end of Sprint 2
  Also talked on how we want a new scene by next week's ta meeting
  