date: September 24, 2016
meeting_type: group
attendance: [<ambehr>, <ronyparm>, <joelhigh>]
absent: []
excused_absences: [ 
  ]
task_progress:
  {ubit: <ambehr>, progress: started work on hashmap script}
  {ubit: <ronyparm>, progress: started making progress on the selection scene}
  {ubit: <joelhigh>, progress: started work on the combat scene}
  ]
issues: [None
]
Notes:  | 
  Talked about how we want the hashmap to work
  Decided to keep the hashmap static for this Sprint
  